parameter[:getter] option (#605)
rswag/rswag: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Add support for :getter parameter option to explicitly define custom param getter method and avoid rspec conflicts with `include` matcher and `status` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for `:getter` parameter option to explicitly define custom parameter getter method and avoid RSpec conflicts with `include` matcher and `status` method (https://github.com/rswag/rswag/pull/605)
```
